---
title: "5 Questions for Denise Cusick"
category: "Company Updates"
thumbnail: https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/6577bd83b48ce2fa6d3007dc/66a80e086f372a6346c37a01_welcome-denise.png
weignt: 3
---

Meet Denise Cusick, our Customer Relations Specialist. She is passionate about empowering customers and their financial well-being. With her extensive background in customer support and dedication to promoting a healthier rental ecosystem, Denise is glad to be apart of a mission-driven company like Stake. Learn more about how Denise plans to build strong relationships with renters, some of her guiding principles, and how she's diving into golf with the same enthusiasm she brings to work—she's got the drive, now just working on the accuracy!

Why does Stake's mission resonate with you?
Stake’s mission resonates with me because it is dedicated to empowering renters by providing them with tools to build their financial stability and better control their rental experience. I am passionate about helping people improve their financial well-being, and Stake's innovative cash-back rewards program does just that! With these benefits, Stake is not only helping individuals and families but also promoting a healthier and more equitable rental ecosystem. I am proud to work for a company that strongly emphasizes renters' financial health and empowerment.

What do you plan to do at Stake?
I plan to build strong relationships with our customers by understanding their needs, providing exceptional support, and delivering personalized solutions. This will also enhance the growth potential for every customer and Stake. I also plan to educate renters and on-site teams on the benefits of using Stake. Ultimately, my goal is to help Stake achieve its mission of empowering renters and revolutionizing the rental experience.

What are some words that you live by?
Your customer doesn’t care how much you know until they know how much you care…

How do you spend your free time?
I enjoy being outside, whether fishing, boating, walking, or hiking. My favorite thing is spending quality time with my family.

What will your Cash Back rewards go towards?
My husband and I just took up golfing, and I am not so good at it, to say the least. I think I will use my savings for golf lessons, hoping they will get me to the green faster!
